Add a known issue for perf standby reverting to standby (#27062)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/perf-standbys-revert-to-standby.mdx

### Performance Standbys revert to Standby mode on unseal

#### Affected versions

> - 1.15.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1.14.12
- 1.15.8
```

Reviewer: I think we need to add 1.14.12 throughout, and also add the partial to the 1.14 upgrade notes.

Author: Thanks, @mladlow! I pushed up some fixes with your feedback incorporated (here and below).

- 1.16.2

#### Issue

Upgrading to Vault versions 1.15.8 and 1.16.2 will cause Performance Standby nodes
to attempt a storage write during unseal, causing a read-only storage error:

```
[ERROR] core: performance standby post-unseal setup failed: error="cannot write to readonly storage"
```

Performance Standby nodes will revert to Standby after upgrading. You can verify
the status of your cluster nodes by checking the
[/sys/health](/vault/api-docs/health.mdx) endpoint.

Unlike Performance Standbys, normal Standby nodes do not directly handle login
requests.

Deployments that rely on login scaling across Performance Standbys will now
forward all login requests to the active node, increasing the utilization of the
active node.

A fix for the read-only storage error has been prioritized and escalated. The
fix will be in releases 1.15.9 and 1.16.3.

<Warning title="Important">
Any cluster that has not yet been upgraded should wait for 1.15.9 and 1.16.3.

> If you have already upgraded to versions 1.15.8 or 1.16.2, you should
> immediately upgrade to 1.15.9 or 1.16.3 when available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already upgraded to versions 1.15.8 or 1.16.2, please refer to the
workaround section for options.
```
